Mentors and experts around certain subject matters as well.
Because one of the things that we've learned over time is.
It's a mistake to just directly connect the founder to an expert when they haven't done.
The prep. Work and the.
The initial steps required for them to be ready for that conversation.
So we do a lot of work with you all to prepare you to come correct to the folks that.
Would have high value interactions with you if you make sure that.
Have all the right questions ready to go.
Agreed.
Okay, we can go to the next one.
So base camp is what we'll use to run our program.
We can go to the next slide.
Let's learn the basics. Okay. Next.
So this is what you'll see when you go onto basecamp.
You won't have all of these projects, but this is a screenshot of what my screen used to look like.
You'll see in the demo what it looks like. Now it's gotten even more complex.
But I wanna talk you through this homepage and what we're looking at. So there's gonna be some arrows. So I'll just keep saying next. So 1st is the program. Hq.
The program. Hq. It'll say 2024 San Francisco program. Hq. All of you will be in it. Every single one who's a full-time program participant.
So everyone who fills out the class roster.
We will add everybody based on who has already filled out the class roster. I know it's due tomorrow, so we'll do 2 sweets of adding people to base camp. We'll add people at the end of the day today, and at the end of the day tomorrow, after the deadline.
Oh, yeah, Chloe, would Chloe and Neil use dark mode? So that's also.
An option. You'll see this program. Hq, that is the Hub, for where the program happens. That's where all of us will be in there together. That's where my announcements go. That's where workshop recordings go all resources. That's where you guys can talk amongst yourselves with us in there. Of course you can have your own private channel as well.
But that is our Hq.
Next area.
You will also have your own individual project. So keep inclusion, was one of our companies in 22.
And.
That project has only your team members and our team members. That's where we get in the weeds with you on your specific business. There aren't other classmates in there that's just for your business. That's where you'll submit.
Deliverables. You'll upload files. You'll ask us questions. You'll gain. You'll get asynchronous help. You can post a message in there, and we can go back and forth with what we think. That happens a lot. And it's super helpful to the team. Because we're able to have like a thousand conversations going on at once with all of you, since it's asynchronous. So we can be helping everybody every day with many different problems, since it only takes a few minutes to write a response.
Versus having a bunch of meetings.
Another thing for your individual company is that any part time program participants that you guys have? So maybe some co-founders team members who aren't participating full-time. They can be in that project.
So a lot of people have like their devs in there, their designer. Whoever else is like maybe not fully participating in program, they can go in there. So the Hq. Will be only our full time program participants because a lot of relevant program information. But in your company project that should be everybody who's relevant to you, even if they're part time, so that everybody can be involved in the work on the business.
Okay.
Up top. You have this toolbar.
So we're already at home. I usually skip, line up. That's something you guys can use if you want it's just kind of everything happening.
Pings is the most important up here for you, because that isms.
So we try not to overly rely on pings, because, like I said about the written communication.
Like I said about the written communication. It doesn't allow for everybody to see. So if you do pings, everything's kind of siphoned off in like a 1 on one conversation, and you're not getting the benefit of everyone being able to see the thread or contribute. So a lot of the benefit of like, for example, Cape Inclusion down here, if they wrote a message post asking Neil for their advice, and they put it in their.
Company project. Then Chloe or I could also lean in and say, Hey, actually, I know this mentor that could help with this, even though you're originally asking Neil. So it allows for a lot more contribution and collaboration.
For pings. That's a lot more like you need to. DM us something specific, maybe personal. Or you need to let Chloe know you're getting a miss, a workshop. You have a quick question. Where do I find this? That's kind of where we want things in the Dms. We don't want?
Really complex questions that we should discuss out to live there. It's not good hygiene. You won't be able to look back on it, so I'll show you where to put it instead. So just make sure we're not overly relying on pings. It's easy to do so. I'm just giving you that warning now, but you can do group chats, and you can do one on one. So all of us will be in there. You can also ping your fellow classmates. So it's a great way to make friends.
Help each other. I remember some of you were gonna ping each other restaurant recommendations, things like that. That's how you'll do it.
Okay. Next.
Hey, hey? Is like your phone's notification center. So you'll get a little red dot when you've missed stuff.
That's basically every time someone has tagged you every time I've.
Chosen to notify you with something I've posted. Maybe a team member of yours is writing something in your company project. You'll get automatically notified for all of them. So your hey should be something that you go through every day because it'll basically show you everything you need to be aware of, and everything that you get notified for from our team is purposeful. So you're not gonna get a bunch of random notifications. Base camp is really good about allowing us to choose, if we notify you and.
Not so you'll get notifications on relevant announcements, etc. So make sure you're reading that.
Okay.
At the at the top, right.
Is your settings, so you'll see a little bubble with your initials. Once you get on boarded to base camp.
I have 2 asks that I'll show you in the demo the very 1st things you should do when you pull up this page, and you just logged in is one. Add a headshot.
So, as you can see in all these little bubbles. Everybody has a head shot except a couple of people, and you see they have.
Initials.
It is so much easier when we can see everybody's face.
To differentiate who's speaking. It's just like way faster than seeing
People's initials. So everybody here needs to add a head shot 1st and foremost, before you do anything.
And the second thing is going to be changing your notification settings, and I'll show you how to do that in the demo.
Your notifications.
Right now. Our default set to send you an email every time you get a notification.
You need to turn that off.
That is for after program. If you don't want to touch base camp, you can turn back on email notifications. For now you need to just go on base camp, or else you're gonna get like 50 emails every single day. And it's gonna be crazy. So that is the second thing you need to do. It's a requirement, or else you're going to be very annoyed. And I'll show you how to do that in the demo.
For the base camp app itself, you can either access it via Browser, which I know some people prefer, or there is a native app.
On desktop for both. I Mac and windows.
I use the native desktop app.
There's also an ios app for ipad, and.
Iphone as well as android. So you guys can download it as many places as you'd like. I do it on my native Mac desktop app. And then Ios and I think those apps are great. So if you guys want to be able to stay up to date all the time. There's not really a lot of unnecessary noise. So it would be okay to have on your phone if you are interested.
Alright. We can go to the next one.
So let's take a look inside a project. So if you click on one of those white squares, this is what you'll see. For example, the Hq.
So when you click on the Hq. This is how we'll run our program. I'll go through each of these tools and then I'll show you. Your individual company program project.
Go ahead! Katina!
The 1st one is message board.
So each of these tools replaces something else. And I would say, message board replaces email.
So the same way that I sent you that very long email on Friday, with all of your relevant updates and deliverables and things you need to know that from now on, after tomorrow.
Will go in the Message board.
So every week you'll get this very long weekly. What to expect from me? I tell you more about that in the program handbook. That basically is your roadmap to the program. So every single week there will be a single post on Fridays that gives you every single thing you need to know for the following week. I I highly encourage you to read it thoroughly. Those will be in the message board, so those are really important.
There are also other things that will.
Post, so as you can see in the message board this.
This group are alumni now. So Techstar, Chicago reunion tips for investor introductions. Who's in for a ski trip from Neil? Me sending out their demo day link another founder giving a relevant update on their company that they were in a magazine.
All of those things are things that would be posted in the message board. So just see it as if we're all living in a community center, and there's a big bulletin board that has all the announcements. That's the message board.
Okay. Next, tool.
The next one is Campfire, which I believe we've renamed for you as chat.
So this one you should see as a water cooler. This one is the most like a little slack channel where it's just forever going up.
And because of that there's no permanence. So we use the campfire or the chat. It's the same thing as something that's.
Semi-permanent, mostly temporary, so much more social sharing. If anyone wants to like grab coffee today. Anything like that, there should be no expectation for you to have read the campfire or the chat. This is just something that's gonna like, ever go and if you want to contribute, you can. If you wanna drop a casual shout out, you know, can you guys like this post? I just.
I just competed in this competition, or you can shout out each other like way to go, Dominique winning that award.
Things like that, so much more social.
Much more social. Much more casual, much less important. So anything that's important should go in the message board.
Oh, yes. Chloe gave me a great point for message board. There's going to be 2 message boards. One is going to say message board. One's going to say cohort support. So this is something we added. Actually, after this.
This cohort. So you don't see it in this? Hq. You'll see it in the demo. There's another message board that looks exactly like the 1st one, but it's called cohort support. This is because.
Our founders started leaning to helping each other a lot more during program. So we made a whole tool just for them. So you guys can post asks for one another. So can somebody review this like Beta version of my product that I just put out does anybody have any good recommendations on
Like services to recruit engineers. Does anybody have you know anything like that? You guys can put out asks, and you can help each other in the thread.
That's going to be what cohort is. I'll show you in the demo.
But it's very similar to message board. It's just not announcements. It's asking for help from one another.
Docs and files replaces. What would be Google drive for a lot of people.
It does integrate with Google drive. So as you can see in this picture, there are Google sheets that are uploaded in to this, docs and files.
The Jackson files is just an archive. It's a little vault that has all of the relevant resources and documents that you need. They're also native based camp documents like that group habits, decision making. Doc, that's yellow right there. That's a native base camp. Doc.
And there are also a couple of air tables and Pdfs linked in there. So you'll just find pretty much every resource you need, and it just allows us to put them all in one place, which I find really helpful.
Next.
To do so to dos will be not a part of the Hq. Because there are no like group to dos for all of you, however, to dos will be a huge part of your individual company project.
Probably one of the biggest parts of.
Of your company project. So every week you'll get a weekly to do list.
Probably not a lot during the 1st month. I think I said this yesterday, but once we get into that cadence in months, 2 and 3 every single week. You'll have a to do list with deliverables.
Relevant to the workshops of that week, as well as external work that we have for you guys. That are part of the curriculum for the program. So to dos are very important. I'll show you in the demo.
And that's also how we run our team.
So you guys are welcome to make extra to do list for yourselves in your company project. If you'd like, I'll show you an example of a team doing that.
Next.
Automatic check-ins. You can ignore the questions that are in here for this one. We made fun questions for them because they're no longer in program. But automatic check-ins are going to be a very important tool in the Hq. Every Monday. After we finish mentor madness, it will ask you to post your Kpi update.
So that's where you'll post your Kpi update. You'll be able to comment on one another's, and your ers will be able to comment so it'll be an asynchronous Kpi check in. And you'll talk about what you what metrics you hit this week. What you didn't, why, how you're gonna make sure you hit them next week, and what your goals are for the next week, so I'll post a whole separate message about that, and what your templates.
I'll post a template for you guys to use. But that's what automatic check-ins is going to be used for. So super important. There.
And lastly, is the schedule. So the schedule like replaces. But I would say, complements Google Calendar. So it will be exactly the Google Calendar.
And we'll every week make sure that it stays up to date with any changes that are made in the Google Calendar.
Which leads me to something I didn't say in orientation yesterday, which is that the Google Calendar, right now that we have shared with all Ceos, and that we will share with everyone who completes the class roster after tomorrow.
Is 95% set.
So just take it with a grain of salt. Sometimes things will need to move, because external hosts have their own lives. They're doing this as give first, st and sometimes things come up. Sometimes their children get sick, or they actually need to miss something or reschedule. And so we're pretty gracious because we appreciate that they're sharing their time. In the 1st place, sometimes things will need to move. So just know that that's not like a hundred percent cement. Sometimes you'll look at it, and they.
Will have shifted up or down, and that's just part of the game. So we try not to do it within like 2448 h of something. And if it's the week of we also try not to. Make it a huge shift. So you'll just see some changes happening and just know that it's like 90 to 95%.
The schedule here the whole purpose of having it in base camp, as well.
Is redundant, so that you can just have redundant information because it's very helpful, but also in base camp. You can ask questions below each event. So in Google Calendar, there's no way to ask us things about certain events. There's no way to post notes that you might have taken that you want to share with the class anything like that.
But in base camp, in the schedule every single event is commentable. So you can start a thread under. You can ask questions. We can share the contact info for the host. You guys can post notes or ask questions about it, and it can all live in the event in base camp.
Alright!
Alright cool. So those are the tools. Can you go back? One slide? Does anyone have any questions about the tools before I go into the demo?
Just like the basic uses of the tools.
So like, can we, you know, create a drive within our Google drive like creates a folder, maybe, and then attach it to here, so that you know we can use it as a.
Funnel to.
You know, like anything we want text related. We can just drag and drop there. And will it show up here, or.
Yeah, so you can't link.
Like, how do we do the tox.
That's a great question, or you can't link the folder. You can only like individual documents. So you would make a folder in docs and files, and you would just link the individual documents as you make new documents.
Any other questions.
A quick question about the schedule. So the the Google Calendar linking.
Like, would it? My calendar show up if I link mine here to the scheduler? I'm just seeing the tech stars.
Play plastered on my schedule on my count, like is it.
Equal back and forth. My events show up here.
Perfect.
It's actually not integrated. So it's manually. But.
Okay. Okay.
I have tried to code an integration for this, for, like the whole time that I've been here, and it just hasn't happened yet. But.
Maybe Neil can ask them in the future to do that. But for now we're just, we just do it manually. So there are ways to like integrate, but it doesn't stay up to date. So if you like, have a set calendar that you want to put in your company project like you can. You can like integrate your schedule, but it will just be like a 1 time. Copy over. It won't be like a live integration.
Yeah, so this will be. This is manually populated by our lovely Akatina here. Every week.
So there's no like thing that keeps it up to date.
Cool, any other questions.
Alright. Let's go into the live demo. I'll take over screen sharing. Now. I could do.
Alright!
Okay.
So I have a lot more projects now than I did back then.
As you can see, we run our.
Our team on here. So I left these on here so that you guys could see like the colored ones.
Our all hands. That's where our whole team lives. We also work on eco dev, and we have some associates that help us with that.
Rising stars is something we haven't talked about yet. Neil will talk about it on the retreat, but this is a small pre Accelerator fund for under represented founders that Neil raised.
An 8 million dollars fund for that I've been helping him with since 2020.
So that's something that we're still working on.
Port Coast support is where you guys go after your alumni. So we still help our 150 alumni companies every single day sourcing and selection is how we got you guys here. And that's where every single bit of deliberation happened. And then these 2.
Blank ones, the ones that don't have any color on them. That's what you'll see.
So I just wanted you guys to see how we run our team on base camp but when you guys come onto base camp. What you're gonna see is the Hq.
And your company project. So Travis is one of the companies from our last cohort, so I'll show you their project.
When you click in.
This is your company. Hq.
Everything in here is kind of blank right now, but it will soon be populated. But with a bunch of messages and things you need to know. Chloe has already started with some important information. So you'll log in.
Remember. We have 2 message boards. The 1st one is where a bunch of announcements and things like that will happen. If you guys have an announcement for the class as well. You can also post in the message board.
But if you have an a message that is more leaning toward you want the classes support on something you need to post it in cohort. The reason for that is because you guys will get to the point where we have, like one or 2 people asking for support a day. So we need to like siphon it off from the announcements that need to be read. So in cohort support.
You can press new.
And then we have categories, so it will usually be an ask if it's cohort, and you can put a title.
And then you can post it. So that's how it works. When you want to post something and get help from your class.
Docs and files.
You'll find workshop resources such as decks. From our external workshop host. Here we'll post all of our workshop recordings whenever we are able to record. Not every session will be allowed to be recorded, but when we are, we'll post it here.
We have a couple of things for you guys to read. Once you get in such as the code of contact things like that. I'll also email that to you tomorrow. And then we have resources for you, such as how to get into our office. Things like that.
And then, lastly, we'll put the program handbook in there.
We already have a welcome message for you guys to read when we you get in here as well.
If you scroll down the campfire is where you guys will be able to chat so you can already start saying, Hi! In there, once you get on boarded schedule is where you'll find the calendar. And then, like I said, Kpi, check-ins will start a little bit later. You don't have to worry about that yet.
Then you'll go into your own company project. I'm showing you one that's extremely populated already, so you can see how it.
Was used.
So this was Travis last program. They uploaded all of their relevant docs in here. So they put.
A lot of deliverables for the tasks we gave them, as well as like mentor. They wanted us to read things like that.
To dos, they completed all of their todos, and this is a group that also made their own. So, as you can see, we have week, 5 week, 7, 8. We have all of the weekly to dos that.
I send it to you guys. But they also made their own for their team. CEO admin to do list personalization, unique inventory, content, strategy. So these were for their actual brand. These are things that they were working on a aside from the tech stars work. That's because this team chose to do that. And they were tracking their progress up here on the hill chart.
You guys don't have to do that. You can just complete the weekly to do list that we give you. But that's an option. And I think that they thrived because of it. They were an extremely organized team, and I like that. They wanted to implement that and have it all in one place.
Message board over here this, where we'll assign you the data room much later, like starting in week 7.
But also this is where we'll send you messages that are only specific to you, such as your mentor, madness, schedule, or an up like an update when a mentor is gonna be gone, or something like that. Things that only you need to know will post a message board for you.
The last thing I wanted to show you in this demo is clicking on the settings up here. So the way that you're gonna add your head shot. The 1st thing you're gonna do when you get in here is you click profile.
And you'll be able to change your picture.
The next thing. Change your notification settings. So you go up here and click, change your notification settings. And right here.
Send me email notification. This needs to be unchecked and then save.
Very, very important before you do anything else.
I also like to go over the notifications down here the when.
This is a really cool and unique feature from base camp.
You should know that if you're gonna have the app.
Things will be happening at all times of the day into the night, and everything we have people that are on all kinds of time zones. Also, our team likes to work at night. Sometimes instead of during the day, like, we will send you messages at 1011, 12 at night.
It's up to you to moderate your own notifications. So something that base camp does which is awesome is work can wait. So if you want to get no notifications outside of working hours, or outside of whatever hours you set.
You set that, and then it'll give you a little wrap up from everything you missed when you're away. When you come back.
So that's up to you. I keep mine always on, because I just manage my own notifications to not pop up during certain times, using like Apple's focus settings.
But this is up to you. So I just want to make it very clear that the onus is on you, and you will get messages, and, like you will get notifications. People will be posting things in the night.
And you guys can manage that as you please.
That is everything I wanted to show you for this live demo.
I'd love to take questions. I think I'll leave it up in case I need to show any anybody, any part of it. But.
That's everything.
I had. I had a quick question, are there any integrations with base camp like I know you mentioned the the Google Calendar? One isn't there but our team uses Asana and just wondering if there's any way to integrate that.
Yeah, there, there are a couple of ways. So there are these things here. I'll show you in the company project. So in your company project you guys can do. You can play with base camp as much as you'd like. We have these things here.
We set up tools.
And they're called doors.
Now. Ha! Oh, yeah, open a door right here. So these are all the integrations where you can add a door. A lot of that is just it's gonna link you externally.
So it's kind of like a way to get into that tool, but also for Asana in dots and files.
I guess Asana is not something that would have docs. But these are all of the integrations that you can put into your docs and files that will like directly put it in here. So like this Google drive, we're able to like talk through it in the comments.
You can click on it. It'll take you to Google drive. So I like the.
They also, they also have a really robust open Api, so you can if you want to get crazy with it. With your tech team like you could actually do something. Fancy.
Okay, cool cause. Yeah, I think you know one thing. Just an idea to this presentation is, you know, Asana, we just started using it a couple of months back and just trying to up accountability for myself and the team using it. So I think, integrating it in here and having the tech stars team. See it.
Might make us use it a little bit better. So yeah, this is great.
Okay.
I have experimented a lot with Zapier and that would probably be your best bet, Annie. So basically like the action would be every time you add.
A task to us on it would like auto populate in a to do list in your base camp project.
So we can work together on that. If you want.
But I know that you can do a lot of cool population things with Zapier into.
Yay!
Okay. Awesome. Thank you.
That's a cool question.
Another quick question is this material that you know we'll be working week by week, and you know there's a good amount of organization here is this, you know.
And offered compatible meaning. You know, after we're done with the program, let's say, can we.
Take this structure out, and you know, maybe puts in a drive like file, or any Xml format like.
Does this work that way, or maybe a mark down like him.
Does? Or is this like.
I think I think you can export things, Neil. Do you know, if you can export like their work in the to do and stuff like that.
I? There might be a way. I've never done it, but I can't imagine there wouldn't be if you really wanted to.
Like this is an alumni company right now.
So they can come back into this anytime. We have.
But the real thing that we have set up here is that you can just access this forever. This will always be available. So if you ever need to get anything from it, it's there.
Okay. Thanks.
All 150 companies in here, with their name, having their own project because of Neil's super account.
And I would say, probably like.
10 to 15 of them are actively using their base camp.
Project here, still.
Neil is totally fine with that, like you can run your company out of this, even though it's on his account. It's just you'll know when you reach a certain size or a certain bit of success, or a certain amount of employees when you need to get onto your own account, because you still will never be an admin on here. So running your whole company on here is great when it's just like 2 of you. And you're being scrapping. You don't want to pay for it, but.
There's a certain time some of our companies have graduated to their own base camp since they got so big.
Any other questions.
Cool. Everyone's ready to jump right into base camp and start using it.
I see a lot of nods. Okay, cool. That's awesome.
Well, I know that once you guys get in, you'll have a lot of questions as you're trying to like, work out the kinks and figure out where things are and what you're supposed to do.
Can always ping me or Chloe or Akatina, and we can find things for you. So I know for the 1st few weeks it'll be a lot of like, where is this? I can't find this totally fine. We love helping people with base camp, and I also wanna make sure that you know how important it is that you understand the tool, because the more we go into program the more complex it's gonna be. And if you don't have that foundational knowledge. It's gonna get much more confusing. Like, we're gonna start using the check ins, you'll start having.
More to do. Lists and things will be happening in many different places, and it'll start feeling overwhelming if you don't understand these basic like foundational principles of where everything is, how to use the tools.
So make sure that once you're in there, you understand it. I've also gotten on zoom with people to like Re, explain it. So don't be shy if you need help.
Alright, so I think I got us out 15 min early, so.
We can take a a extra long lunch break and be back here at noon. Pst, I'll stick around for a couple more minutes in case people do have some questions. But other than that, I can't wait to see your companies at noon. See you in an hour 15.
Last quick reminder.
Fill out your class roster email me, your non-time.
Participants, so I can get them set up in basecamp.
And I have office hours on Thursday. If anyone wants to go over this again.
That's all.
Yay!
Please, Sally.
Thank you so much. That was super helpful.
See you soon